it's always a treat to see you I heard
you were chatting with Snoop Dogg in his
yes yeah that worried me a little bit I
can see that yeah yeah had you met snoop
before no no I love this is a great
pairing the two of you Wow adventure did
you smoke with the adventurer
I'm looking at you it doesn't seem like
you did you have a date you have a big
milestone birthday coming up in December
7-0
will there be a big deal will you make
oh yeah it will be a big deal my wife
and my buddy Alan Kozlowski are throwing
me this thing in the club you know
they're gonna get all my musician
buddies
bono my ancient friends and we're just
gonna I don't know it got me kind of
anxious you know I've done that why did
the fifty year and the sixty year
birthday and it's that big thing where
you've got so many loved ones right that
it just feels too weird you don't get a
ton of time with oh yeah Yeah right
but no I'm kind of I'm gonna I told him
I just wanted I'm gonna show up and let
me just wash over me I don't want to
know what's gonna happen I think you
were the planning just yeah I like that
that seems like it's probably here
philosophy in general yes you've also
done a beautiful job of documenting much
of your life with what's the camera that
you use it's called a wide Lux the wide
Lux and it's a Japanese panning camera
so it's kind of a cross between us still
camera in a movie camera in that the
lens actually moves the lens moves and
takes a shot yeah in the same way you
might take your iPhone and move it on it
well it's better it's better than the
iPhone because the iPhone can't do some
of this stuff that this does well thank
goodness it can't because otherwise they
go out of business
now this is a this is what now these
pictures were all very wide yeah you see
it's kind of like a you know the kind of
format that you see when you go into the
movies now what's going on here that's
this is this is the first day on
Seabiscuit Seabiscuit and this is the
you know great writer and director Gary
Ross here and he was see his excitement
he says get on there let me see you know
you were imagining how how we're gonna
pull off this magic trick I make him mad
and she whistle it was an amazing horse
because it won all those races with no
legs right here we have this is these
are I think the selection is a lot of
them from Seabiscuit this is again from
Seabiscuit's Elizabeth Banks who played
my wife in the film and we were this is
the race where Seabiscuit wins and I got
so damn excited are you
are you actually interfering at all with
the shooting of the movie when you're
taking these pictures no this is that
really thing I said these are also from
Seabiscuit yeah now this is what the
audience you know I've looked up in
there I would say look at all those
people they got or all those you know
how did they who would want to spend all
the time up there and then you go up and
you see it's these inflatable guys and
and they're all the bodies are all the
same as they're all dressed each one
into a different suit and their masks
different masks of these faces how could
it be cheaper than inviting people to
come well I get to put them all there
into place and distress them and all
that yeah look at this guy here you'd
have to remake that one or more now your
iPhone can't do that kind of know for
sure not
let's say that's that's a why that's a
good example of a widely not as well but
this is a from a movie they're not too
many people saw called the amateurs the
amateurs yeah the director who's one of
the fun things you do oh you do these
comedy tragedy yes were you have the
actors give a happy face and I guess is
that a dramatic face no that's he's
happy that's his happy face all the men
who stare at goats and something I love
to do you can do with this camera when
you put one individual in in doing two
expressions on one negative yes
negatives a panning thing yeah I mean
like why even waste the Belmont I'm
sorry I feel bad yeah yeah yeah I could
see why you'd feel bad because they both
look bad to me both sides you know yeah
yeah yeah he's evil you captured him
beautifully yeah you really did well
okay when we come back we're gonna take
a break I got one more I want show that
is one of the best pictures I've ever
seen Jeff Bridges is with us here this
is his book it's called pictures vol 2
we'll be right back with Jeff Bridges so
this is a picture yep yeah this is an
unbelievable picture is from True Grit I
assume yeah
is this a selfie yeah that is what they
call a selfie you know I'm still doing
these selfies long before there was even
that term camera lens itself so well to
that you know that is an amazing shot so
you had no idea if you're getting it or
not look that looks like my hand there
you're an alien okay
[Laughter]
that's pretty cool these are great
photographs really something else
you know I I felt bad about that
Matt Damon oh don't feel bad about it
it's it's not it's not you shouldn't
have to get it I thought I would make
amends by doing one of those for you
would you call who a tragedy I have the
camera or you know we could just tear
all the pages with math in a mall out of
the books
not to take yes all right all right
oh it's the compound look if this is the
thing here okay oh she was a it's
not it's weird
let's see how the lens kind of twist
long as it motorized you know no it's um
you know just with your fingers involved
you gotta get here that's f11 the thing
about these cameras here especially this
one you don't know what it's gonna come
out right yeah because they break all
the time right I don't know exactly what
my f-stop is here but we're gonna just
jam and now here's this that's the band
what's the up stop here guys yeah yeah
nah they don't know no but you know that
one with George we do a little rehearsal
so you kind of you know okay get up so
we get a good shot so what I'm gonna say
is you're gonna frown okay very hard the
hard kind of Emmett Kelly front yeah
Mercer and look that way with your eyes
oh just your eyes my eyes all right I'll
find that now let's see yeah yeah sad
not means eyebrows like that and then
when I say mm-hmm as fast as you
can smile and look that way okay okay
[Applause]
okay
sure okay no we gotta get it cut okay
one more can you say if I get a little
get that sure
[Music]
one more one more one Jeb that's how he
does it it's all hectic where's
everybody and then maybe when you you
print that we can put it on our Twitter
very good Jeff Bridges
he's got photos and many many
interesting notes as well
in his poem is called Jeff Bridges
pictures volumes out now we'll be right
back with Michael Michelle Harris
[Applause]
[Music]
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment